    Combined Action

    Zombies are not terrifying. Modern technological power is more than sufficient to destroy their slow and fragile bodies.
    A small infantry squad with ample ammunition, coupled with a few armored vehicles, can charge through a horde of zombies and return unscathed.
    But it is the high contagion rate and lethality that make the zombie virus truly terrifying.
    Currently, the zombie virus is still contained within Manhattan.
    But who can guarantee that the zombie virus won't evolve? Don't forget that Manhattan is home not only to the zombie virus but also to the power of chaos.
    Tianming
    ¡°Amber, launch nuclear and chaos fission missiles at Manhattan in ten minutes.¡±
    Inside the warship, Otto sat in his seat, with a map of Manhattan in front of him, marked with dense red dots.
    Nuclear missiles?
    Tianming has never been short of such weapons. To completely destroy Manhattan, Tianming has prepared dozens of nuclear missiles.
    Millions of lives? Don't forget that if the virus is left unchecked, billions of people around the world will perish.
    This decision was not made by Tianming alone but was a consensus among most of the world's nations.
    Tianming could even be considered merciful; some countries were ready to launch nuclear missiles at Manhattan from the very beginning.
    At this point, human lives are merely a number to be weighed in the balance¡ªhow many times has the death toll been lower in previous chaos outbreaks?
    Entropy
    ¡°I understand.¡±
    Einstein's face darkened as he hung up the phone.
    ¡°Damn it, can't these people slow down? That's hundreds of thousands of lives!¡±
    ¡°Do we have any better alternatives?¡±
    Einstein shook his head bitterly.
    By the time a vaccine is developed, the virus would have already spread across the globe.
    At this moment, at Site-19 base,
    Lin Feng looked at the screen, nervously tapping on the table.
    ¡°Doctor, is the 500 clones ready yet?¡±
    ¡°It's hard to say, Director. To eliminate the virus in an entire city, this amount is far from enough.¡±
    ¡°Damn it.¡±
    Lin Feng slammed his fist on the table as he looked at the map.
    The Foundation is now virtually penniless. The entire base has barely more than twenty thousand guards.
    It sounds like a lot, right? But in a metropolis like Manhattan, it's nowhere near enough.
    The only mobile task force they have is completely mismatched for this mission.
    What good would it do to send the Hammer down to fight zombies?
    It wouldn't be as effective as a single nuclear missile.
    But how could the Foundation just sit by and watch the containment breach run rampant?
    Just as Lin Feng was at his wit's end, the system's voice rang out.
    St. Freya
    ¡°Headmistress, are we just going to watch Tianming destroy the city?¡±
    ¡°Qiqianna, this...¡±
    Dereisa did not meet Qiqianna's eyes.
    ¡°There are no better alternatives.¡±
    ¡°Could we...¡±
    Qiqianna looked at the screen reluctantly.
    Damn it, if only I had the power...
    Amerika
    ¡°How is it?¡±
    ¡°There is no other way.¡±
    The observer's expression was dim.
    The general silently took a sip of coffee.
    ¡°Manhattan is a great place, what a pity.¡±
    The general sighed, but the observer's voice of joy rang out.
    ¡°General, something has appeared.¡±
    The camera zoomed in, revealing a familiar logo on the carrier.
    The Foundation!
    ¡°It's them!¡±
    ¡°Finally.¡±
    Otto smiled.
    ¡°Cease the nuclear missile launch, hand over the site to them.¡±
    The Foundation!
    Seeing the Foundation's logo, people's hearts, which had been hanging in the air, finally found some solace, but there was still some concern.
    Can the Foundation handle this situation?
    At this moment, on the west coast,
    On the USS "Enterprise," one after another, "Super Hornets" were launched.
    The fighter jets, carrying bombs beneath them, flew over the city and dropped them.
    The bombs that hit the ground did not explode; instead, they released a red mist, which gradually restored the bodies of the zombies it touched.
    ¡°Huh?¡±
    A vagrant who had recovered looked up at the sky in astonishment.
    The SCP-500, created by the cloned Tree of All, had been processed into this red mist.
    Although it only had 35% of the original drug's potency, it was more than enough.
    ¡°This is Hunter Bomber, mission complete. Ship, requesting return.¡±
    ¡°Ship received, deck is clear, return authorized.¡±
    At this moment, in the city's sky, hundreds of Black Hawk helicopters hovered.
    ¡°This is Mad Hatter, beginning decontamination operations.¡±
    Dozens of soldiers installed large, trumpet-like devices at road intersections, and the red mist sprayed from the devices covered several city blocks.
    This operation was being carried out all over the city.
    Mobile Task Force Eta-5 "J?ger Bombers" - Hunter Bombers
    Specializes in tracking, capturing, and containing large-scale incursions
    £¨Mobile Task Force Theta-6 "The Bigger Boat"
    Specializes in anomalies involving maritime vehicles
    Mobile Task Force Beta-7 "Maz Hatters" - Mad Hatters
    Specializes in acquiring and containing anomalies that exhibit extreme biological, chemical, or radiological hazards£©
    The screen introduced several mobile task forces.
    The scenes on the screen continued.
    The virus in Manhattan was being eradicated, and the area under its control was shrinking, until only Times Square remained.
    Under the bombardment of bombers and the cleanup by the task forces, the true face of Times Square was revealed.
    At this moment, Times Square's buildings were covered in black tendrils, and the structures were filled with densely packed, spine-chilling nests.
    Monsters crawled out of the nests in large numbers.
    ¡°Hunters, the ship's mission is complete. The rest is up to you, Hammer.¡±
    ¡°Understood.¡±
    ¡°The ship will return in one hour. Good luck, over and out.¡±
    At this moment, on the west coast of Manhattan, a unit quietly landed.
    ¡°We will cross Central Park to reach Times Square and destroy the armor hive.¡±
    Dozens of tanks escorted a peculiar tank towards Times Square.
    The front of that tank was equipped with a mine-clearing device and mounted with three cannons.